A big thank you to
our sponsors because they make
the show possible. And I
hope that you support them
the way they support us
progress. Software is the creator
of the most comprehensive developer
toolkit for building modern apps
on the market. Today Tellerik
dev craft with more than
1100 telerik.net and Kendo, UI
JavaScript components and controls. You
can easily build modern high-performance
web mobile and desktop apps,
as well as chatbots. The
tools that also includes reporting
solutions, automated testing, and productivity
tools, and come to the
range of support options. New
this year is a free
online trading program for all
license holders. With this alongside
thousands of demos and source
code available, comprehensive documentation and
a full assortment of visual
studio templates, you'll be up
and running with the progress
Tellerik and Kendo UI controls
in no time. Download a
free 30 day trial today
at tellerik.com/hanselman that's T L
E R I k.com/hanselman. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode, Cancel minutes.
And today I'm talking with
Andrew Locke. He's just published
asp.net core inaction with Manning
fantastic three-part book that I've
got access to online, and
then you can purchase as
well. We've even put together
a 40% off coupon with
the code pod Hanselman 18.
I'll tell you that code
at the end of the
show, and we'll put it
in a link in the
show notes so you can
get the same book ebook
or physical book for 40%
off. How's it going, sir?
I'm good. Thank you. How
are you doing? I'm okay,
so you survived writing a
book. It's like a 700
page book. I mean, you
really did it. It's it's
got some heft to it.
Yeah. It was a toddler.
I get to go there
in the end. I I've
written a few books as
well, and they are something
where you like, I'm so
excited. I'm writing a book
and then you're like, Oh
my God, I'm writing a
book. I'm like, Oh, am
I, what have I done?
Why have I done this
to myself and my family?
Exactly. And you realize you
got to edit the book
and that's that I started
really, the editing part really
is no fun because you're
like, no, every word I
wrote is exactly as I
wanted it. Like, we don't
want to renumber these chapters.
It's perfect, but you have
to do the work and
you've already read it by
that point, but at 15
times, and now you have
to go through it again.
So, so you wrote this
on asp.net core to do,
have you been following A's
but then of course, since
the beginning or where do
you, you know, what kind,
what are your qualifications pretty
close to the beginning? I,
I was aware of the
whole project K thing, vaguely,
but I didn't really pay
much attention. And it was
around about the RC one
time that I actually do
a bit so I could
play with, and I wasn't
gonna break my machine, trying
to do say that I,
I really started paying attention.
And then I guess it
was just before I paid
attention and played with the
bits RC one, RC two.
And then I started the
book just before the 1.0
release. Oh, wow. This has
been a long time coming.
It has been a long
time coming. Yeah. And it's
been a basically had to
be written from 1.0 to
2.0, because of that. Do
you feel like, I mean,
we all joke about Microsoft
and version numbers and stuff,
but you know, they say
wasteful, wait till version three,
doesn't it feel like, you
know, it's been a core
two Oh two, one kind
of is version three. Like,
is that the one people
should pay attention to? I
mean, yeah. I feel like,
especially with 2.1 being an
LTS release, if you're going
to just coming in, that
seems like a great place
to start. Even if you
don't, even, if you intend
to keep up with the
current leases, it seems like
2.1 is the place to
come in. We should make
sure that we expand our
acronyms for people who might
not be familiar. So LTS
means longterm support. Right? Correct.
And then there's the two
that I think it's three
years of support you get
with that. And then if
you stay on the sort
of the latest releases, which
is the current branch, then
that's supported, I can't remember
the exact dates. You probably
know this better than I
do, but it's basically supported
until the next current release
is. So you have to
make sure you stay up
to date if you stay
on the current Lydia. Right.
And they announced recently that
if you're running asp.net core
2.1 on the, on the
full framework, on the one
that runs on windows that
will be supported effectively indefinitely.
Yeah. Which is great for
people who are migrating from,
from.net framework cross, Which brings
up a really good point
because you started in the,
in the.net, full framework kind
of world, and then core
happened. And I think people
might say that core has
a reputation of being, you
know, kind of moving fast
and breaking things or, you
know, people maybe afraid to
go to asp.net because they're
concerned that it might not
be stable. I think, I
think it's, it's fair to
say that, you know, dot
net core, they left our
far happy to move fast
and, you know, break some
things that that's has happened.
But it feels like at
this point that everything is
sort of calmed down a
bit, donate cord just offers
quite a lot of advantages
that were done that framework
at this point. And especially
with Microsoft saying that while
done it, frameless is going
to be supported. It's not
going to be getting any
more features. It's just done
a core is the place
to be right now. Was
that something that, that you
took and you took into
consideration when you wrote this
book that, that this is
going to be around for
awhile. So you're going to
invest your time. Exactly. Yeah.
It was sort of clear
from the get go in
a way that this was
where all of the focus
will kind of be. So
where is this book from
Difficulty perspective? I think a
piece, a lot of people
who are listening to this
show might have experience with
asp.net web forms or doing
work in MVC. Really wasn't
a product. When we said
asp.net MVC, it was more
of a pattern, but it
became a product that had
version numbers and thing. There
might be a lot of
people out there who have
MVC apps and they are
kind of stuck and not
sure what they should do
next. So the good thing
is the, the whole NVC
web API patterns is the
fact that they've come through
to asp.net core. So if
you are familiar with those
in SPO and Matt land,
it's, it's hugely transferable across.
So you don't really have
to worry. They're not directly
compatible, but there's enough there
that you can change a
few, namespaces add a few
attributes and actually you can
convert if I'm asp.net apps
to asp.net core. Not that
you necessarily should, but you
can, if you're coming from
web forms, it's a bit
more of a struggle in
the same way. Going from
web forms to ASP net
MVC was a big jump.
That's actually something that I
have a little of experience
with because my blog still
runs asp.net, web forums, nearly
15 years old. And people
tease me for not upgrading
it, but it works fine.
So why should I bother?
But I did a show
recently with my buddy Mark
Downey, who has taken the,
this 15 year old web
forms app and converted it
to dotnet core. And he
did it by managing separations
of concerns and he made
the front end MVC, even
though it was originally web
forums, but the engine was
basically net standard and it
didn't have too much trouble
converting it into core and
suddenly it's cross platform. I
think that's, that's really the
crux of it. It depends
how well your, your app
is architected. Initially, if it's
essentially just a, you know,
a UI wrapper around whatever
it is, then.net standard as
well. I mean, so you
can plug in, you know,
you can plug in a
Xamarin front end if you
need to. Exactly. And that's
what he ended up doing.
And well, the front end
did require some, some extra
work, the engine, right? You
know, the data access layer
and all of that stuff
really just moved forward quite
nicely. That's what I found
quite. I've done a bit
of conversion of asp.net apps
to run an asp.net core.
Primarily we want to, we
want to run them in
DACA. We want to be
able to have better sort
of dev ops processes around
them, which is just it's
frankly, easier and asp.net core
than it is running on
Dano framework on windows. It's
funny that people, I don't
know, I don't know if
you've had this experience, but
when I get asp.net apps
running cross platform, or when
I get it running in
Docker for the first time,
I'm always just a little
bit amazed that it actually
worked. You know what I
mean? Like I think new
people who are listening to
this might not understand that,
but people who've been working
in.net for many years might
go and say, wow, that's
really a thing. It runs
in Lennox. It's totally the
first time I, that I
ran my very first asp.net
core app on a Mac,
just natively on a Mac,
not having to try and
work parallels and use all
these weird shortcuts. Cause it
didn't work on my own
or that the first time
it works, it is kind
of mind blowing. I did
work in NBC and I
wrote books on NBC, but
then I kind of took
a break and I'm noticing
that the thing that's the
most powerful thing about asp.net
core. And I wonder if
you agree would be this
idea of the middleware pipeline
and you spend a lot
of time talking about that.
Yeah, totally. That's, it's a
completely different way of thinking
about your app compared to
certainly the women forums way
in MVC, in airspeed on
that, that was the move
towards Owen Catana as a
web server. And that's really
inspired as p.net core. So
if you have worked with
that in asp.net, then that
will be very familiar. Owen
it'd be the open web
interfaces and.net. It was a
community project to describe in
our way to plug middleware
together in a, in a,
a non version specific and
a non non vendor specific
way. Right. It was a
way of kind of removing
we'll give you more control
of the people I would
say. Yeah, exactly. It was.
And I'm not sure exactly
where the inspiration was for
Owen or if it did
come from no was doing
a similar thing as, you
know, composable bits of middleware
to build out your pipeline.
But it's certainly, if you,
if you're from the note
world, it's very similar to
the way you build a
note up. When I was
doing asp.net though, I was
doing HTTP handlers and HTTP
modules and plugging them into
AIS. Is that not the
same as the middleware? That's,
it's, it's similar in some
ways, but it's also different
in others. Fundamentally the, the
way the handlers and the
modules worked was different for
one you're hosting in AIA,
in IAS, which is different
in dotnet core done@coreisnowyouhostthewebserverwithinaconsoleappisjustanormal.net console
app. As you would just
write to the command line
modules and handlers, there were
frankly a bit complicated. You
had to understand the entire
pipeline of a request and
what was happening, where all
the different events that are
raised at different points. And
I asked would then call
into your application@theappropriatepointswith.net core. You
define the entire pipeline exactly
how a request should be
handled within your application. So
you can have different bits
of middleware for different crosscutting
concerns and generate the response
based on the incoming request.
And you get an opportunity
to say, yay or nay,
and then move on to
the next thing in the
pipeline, like in your chapter
three on middleware pipelines, you've
got some really great diagrams,
by the way, I see
the amount of work that
you put into drawing these
diagrams to really explain visually
what's going on. You call
out like static file, middleware
error, handling middleware, each different
piece of middleware, as it
moves through the pipeline gets
an opportunity to say, I
care about this, or no,
go ahead to the next
thing. Exactly. And so to
each piece of middleware, just
it can inspect the request.
If it knows how to
handle it, it can just
regenerate a response and that
that's done. Alternatively, it can,
it could add some headers,
it could change the requests
somehow can completely ignore the
request and pass it on
to the next piece of
middleware. Then that next piece
of middleware can decide what
it wants to do and
it can pass it on
to the next one and
so on. And then once
something generates a response, each
piece of middleware that has
seen the request is going
and gets to see the
response as well. So the
response is back down through
this pipeline briefly, I heard
about net app. NetApp is
a developer's dream for data
management net app can manage
migrate store compress, clone, encrypt
secure, and generally make data,
do things super fast. The
data doesn't always like to
do NetApp gives developers infrastructure
superpowers with Azure net app
files. The only Azure service
to let you move enterprise
file share workloads to the
cloud in minutes, register today
and learn how you can
get Azure NetApp files for
yourself at net app that's
net app.com/azure preview. Someone said
once that they felt that
asp.net core embraced that HTTP
existed more than previous versions
of asp.net that they felt
were trying to hide. That
HDDP existed. That totally makes
sense. I mean, especially from
the, the web forms point
of view, web forums was
obviously, I mean, that was
trying to sort of gloss
over the fact that the
web existed. It was trying
to make it nice and
quick and easy to create
web applications by just ignoring
the fact there's an enormous
pipeline between, you know, the
client and the server NBC,
you sort of exposed a
bit more of that in
the web API, much more,
but this just takes it
up even further. So you,
when you say ignoring the
fact, you're like basically saying,
pretending that this even exists
and telling people don't even
pay attention to that, don't
look behind the curtain. They're
exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I felt
like the, as the web
decided with rest and with,
with JavaScript or vanilla JavaScript
to really embrace that, okay,
let's stop hiding things. Let's
stop hiding the browser. Let's
stop hiding the Dom let's
stop hiding HTTP things got
cleaner and easier in an
MVC. And your part one
where you basically introduce people
to MVC. You talk about
model binding, razor views, mapping
URLs, and the middleware pipeline,
almost an entire book, but
it's condensed. It's, it's simpler.
It's you spend a lot
less time getting to the
point then that I would
say I did in my
books. I think part of
that is probably just cause
these concepts have been around
for a bit longer. Now,
if you've already experienced asp.net,
for example, then you're already
very familiar with most of
these concepts, if not, depending
on exactly which aspects you've
been working with. So it's
just one of those things
where it's, it's just in
the general consciousness more. I
think that you have to
understand how it's two, three
works a bit, at least
in order to do web
development. Another new concept that
people have to understand that
has gone from being something
that I think maybe the
fringe or the more advanced
developers did to now everyone
does is this idea of
dependency injection, which we used
to have shove into asp.net
To get it to work.
Yeah, it was always really
hard work. I mean, I
remember on the one hand,
I remember suddenly discovering dependency
injection when, when I, you
know, had just started, started
programming it and it made
so many, so much sense
for simplifying a lot of
code and then trying to
put it into espionage was
such hard work. That you'd
often question whether it was
worth the hassle or not.
It was possible. It was
totally possible. And we did
it, but it's because it
was clearly an afterthought tacked
on, whereas it's baked in
to asp.net core. They use
it throughout whether you want
to or not. I know
some people are against DIA
generally, but the framework itself
is built very much depending
on depending on injections. So
you may as well embrace
it, frankly. Well, I wonder
how anyone could be against
it. I was trying to
figure out the best way
to teach it or to
explain it to someone because
as with all kind of
like mind bending concepts, it's
one of those things where
you have to look at
it multiple ways and then
eventually it'll, it'll, it'll pop,
it'll click and you'll go,
Oh, and then it all
makes sense. Right. So how
do you express that? How
do you teach someone what
that means? Like when you
say inversion of control, that
makes it sound like you
need a PhD to understand
what's going on. It does.
And there's, there's always the
arguments as well. The fact
that, you know, dependence injection,
isn't the same as version
of control. And, you know,
I can never remember quite
exactly what the arguments are,
which way to be honest.
The main thing that I
find is it, it just
makes unit testing things easier.
A lot of the time,
if you can inject, you
know, an interface instead of
a concrete version of, of
a class, then you can
test that class in isolation.
You can test without having
to, if you've got an
email sending application, for example,
you can inject this interface,
which does the actual email
sending itself. And then you
can test, you know, how
the email is generated and
handling that if you go
to email sender throws an
exception that you can handle
that without actually having to
send emails. It's just that
simple thing that just makes
this making testing so much
easier, fix it worthwhile in
my book. Yeah, that's absolutely
true. There's the website. In
fact, that runs this, this
podcast is written an asp.net
core. And I would have
to admit that in writing
little apps, myself, little personal
apps, I'm not one to
do a lot of testing,
but the testing is so
easy and asp.net core that
for the first time, my
purse, even my personal projects
have an extensive test suite.
Yeah. I'm very much the
same, very much to say.
Well, there's one thing I
particularly liked with the, the
testing ISP dental Corp is
the fact that you can
do integration testing of your
HTP requests without having to
spin up servers. That's really
quite useful for just testing
end to end. It's people
have different feelings about, you
know, the various balance of
whether you should have unit
tests out versus integration and
twin tests, you know, whatever
you want to call them,
but just the ability to
be able to quite easily
spin up integration tests is
really valuable. That's a great
point. There's, there's so many
layers. I mean, you can
spin up and test asp.net
core without spinning it up.
Like you can just make
in-process calls without any web
server, or you can put
a web server on it,
or you could even do
HTTP in memory testing without
an actual web server. Or
if you feel like it,
you can automate the browser
and do full on end
to end selenium testing and
put the browser on the
puppet strings. Exactly. It's a,
there's a, there's a lot
of options. I think that's
the difference is that, you
know, you really do have
a lot of options with
web forms. You just didn't
have those options available. You
know, you, you could do
selenium and you can do
very low level tests, but
you couldn't do that very
easily. You can do that
sort of in between level
tests that you haven't Before
I forget. One of the
things about dependency injection that
I have been using to
explain to people is to
say, it's not your application's
job to new things up
to go and make new
objects. Your application should be
asking for objects because your
app doesn't want to think
about object lifetime and how
long scope should be of
something. It just wants something.
It just wants to send
an email. So why does
it need to suddenly as
a business application, be responsible
for making an object and
throwing it away at the
right time and letting it
live for the certain amount
of time, those things are
concerns that it shouldn't have
Exactly it does. It does
simplify your, like you say,
your application logic a lot.
One thing I would say
is that just because your
application logic, doesn't have to
think about those things doesn't
mean that you can just
not think about them. You
still you're basically delegating that
decision down to the dependency
injection container. And you do
have to bear that in
mind, I've seen a few
issues where basically I've been
using the wrong lifetime without
William. I just, you know,
you just register something with
the DEI container and you
know, don't really think anything
more of it. And then
down the line, you start
getting strange issues because you've
read as registered it as
a single tendon instead of
a scoped service or something
like that. Well, that's a
really good, Great point that
you're making. And it's something
that people could, could hurt
themselves with. If they didn't
think about lifetime, they could
just start injecting dependencies and
forget about lifetimes. And you
spend a nontrivial amount of
time. You have a whole
section on understanding lifetimes to
make sure people get that
right. And I think that's
the key thing was really
with, with the injection. If
you can understand the lifetimes
and you know why you
shouldn't inject scoped services into
singletons and things like this,
then after that, it's all
quite easy. It's, it's fundamentally
just building up a graph
of new objects. And so
once, once you get that
little once, you can get
that concept, then basically all
the difficulty is just managing
lifetimes. In part two of
the Book, once you've moved
past the kind of the
getting started in the concepts,
you start talking about really
building complete apps, like what
does it look like? In
reality, let's stop talking about
samples and start talking about
real stuff like authentication and
authorization and actual publishing, stuff
like that. But what was
a little bit surprised you
have an entire section, an
entire chapter on the filter
pipeline, which I thought was
an interesting decision. It's it's
a complex beast. Unfortunately, when
you get into it, it's,
it's one of those things
that it, again, it's easy
to just pick and choose
little bits of the filter
pipeline and only use the
ones you need. The, the
main thing with the reason
for having a whole chapter
on it was, it was
almost meant to be a
reference guide, to be honest,
there's lots of bits and
pieces around him, documentation and
the documentation in general is
very good now, but understanding
the different filters when you
should use each filter, how
they interact when an exception
is thrown. At some point
in the NBC pipeline with
our result, filter is used
where the response filter is
used. It's all quite complicated.
Arguably it didn't need to
be an entire chapter, but
getting the information down is
that's what it was cool.
I'm in no way implying
it shouldn't be a full
chapter. I just thought it
was a cool Decision because
effectively, if I understand from
reading the chapter, the, the
filter MVC filters are almost
a pipeline within a pipeline.
Right? Cause the cause NBC
itself is a middle. Yeah,
Exactly. Yeah. The DMDC filters
are you say, are they,
then they're not a linear
pipeline. Like middleware. They have
a slightly sort of convoluted,
but they are a pipeline.
And in fact, there's, I
think it was in 1.1
introduced the middleware as filters
feature into ASP net core.
So you can actually use
middleware components as MVC filters.
I think it was that
way around. So that really
just highlights how the fact
that they are just another
pipeline. Yeah. Right. And, and
again, I have to give
you kudos. So forgive me
if I'm a gushing a
little bit too much, but
credit to you for doing
not just a lot of
pros and code, but also
illustrating this stuff with illustrations
that explain the pipeline. I
don't think that I have
understood fully the MVC filter
pipeline until I saw the
diagrams that you created. Cause
as you said, it's not
just boxes on top of
boxes. There is some kind
of going off in the
corner here to do action
and vacation and then coming
back and some optional things.
And when exceptions happen, it's
even even more different. Yeah.
It's, it's a, it's a
complicated beast. Like you say,
you need to, you need
to have some pictures in
there. So I'm glad they
are When you're, when you're
writing a book and simultaneously
the documentation is becoming better
because clearly the docs team
is, has really gotten their
act together. How do you
decide, like what goes in
a book and what is
something that you'd send someone
up to the documentation for
and how do you kind
of compete when you have
a physical book versus a,
you know, ever changing docs?
Yeah. Well, I think it
depends what people are trying
to get out of the
book and versus why they
were going to documentation. I
think the docs are let
you say that so much
better now that they're even
better than what I started
the book, to be honest,
when I started, they were
a bit all over the
place, but now that they're
very consistent, the difference I
think is there's, there's different
types of tutorial versus reference
a document that they have
in docs. And they try
to pull those out as
two different bets. If something
is essentially essentially a technical
reference, you don't want to
read that in a book.
There's no, there's no reason
you're going to sit there
and, you know, read about
the API or every single
minutiae of something. The book
is meant to be it's,
it's a story of sorts
it's taking you through it's
through the application. So it's
not really a story, but
instead, perhaps some interest, frankly,
as opposed to just, I
just need to get this
one little thing done, which
I find a lot of
time. That's why I'm on
dogs. That's a good point.
The, the, the, the linear,
even though a book is
a random access thing, the
linearity of it to like,
you know, let me, let
me tell you a story.
Let me walk you through
this, follow me on this
vector from chapter one, all
the way through, you know,
and the, and also the
physicality of the book, frankly,
I still have a stack
of books next to me,
actually right now that I'm
going through, you really can't
learn a framework unless you
do that linear chapter one
through chapter 20, you know,
at least once or twice.
Yeah. Yeah. I completely agree.
And they have, I don't
think they are, if they're
trying to sort of cover
that base in the docs,
to be honest, they, they
do have tutorials, but they're
generally getting started. They're the
on ramp, as opposed to
right now, let's just do
everything. We also put the
source code for this on
get hub. So how much
of a living book is
this? So th the source
code is, yeah, it's all
on get hub. It's a
combination of some of the,
some of the samples in
there were written in the
sort of 1.0 1.1 timeframe,
and they've been updated to
be, to be 2.0, this
book was, it was finished
sort of just before 2.1
came out. So there's various
references to 2.1, but the
source code currently is covering
2.0. And in some cases,
the 1.1 I'll make fixes
to that as necessary, but
I'm trying to leave them
as two points. So it
matches the book, the physical
book, as opposed to necessarily
keeping it up to date
with a 2.2, 3.0 releases
or anything like that. Well,
I mean, certainly with 2.1
being LTS, the two dot
X asp.net core concepts aren't
changing and the APRs are
changing minimally. So it doesn't
seem like people should be
focused on daily builds of
asp.net core. When in fact
this is one that's going
to be around for many,
many years to come. Exactly.
And the book itself there's,
I don't cover everything in
there. It's just, there's too
much in the framework. And
it's changing too fast to
say it, it covers, as
you say, like really the
core fundamentals and some advanced
concepts that you can go
a long way with, and
those haven't changed at all.
So I think that's a,
that's a good side of
it. Absolutely. It's also worth
pointing out for people who
are listening, that they can
go and take a look@atmanning.com
for ESPN in a coronation.
And you've got free downloads
of both chapter one. But
then as an example, the
filter pipeline, one that I
was gushing about is also
a free chapter. You can
download chapter 13 for free.
You can look at all
the source code all for
free before you decide if
you want to buy it.
And as I pointed out
also, because you came on
the show, I talked to
the folks at Manning and
they put together a coupon
code pod Hanselman 18, that
would get you 40% off
of the book. And I
believe 40% off anything else
on a, on mandy.com, which
is pretty cool. And there's
a live book combo where
you can basically have it
on as an ebook, and
then you can read it
on the web as well,
Which is pretty sweet, pretty
sweet. Yeah. And I think
does it, Mexico's got a,
another free ebook on, on
manning.com, which includes the chapters
from this book and from
his book and from the
ear of corn action book
as well, Really great point.
So there's asp.net core inaction,
and there's dotnet core inaction,
which can give you second
internals of profiling and performance
and multiple runtimes and all
the details of asp.net core
itself. And just as a
point of note, I wrote
the forward for Dustin's book.
So I don't have a
relationship with Manny, but I
do think that those are
great books. So that's why
I'm having you on the
show and why it's worth
checking those books. Yeah, I
appreciate it. Yeah, Absolutely. There's
a lot of cool stuff
going on right now in.net
core. And it's so nice
to see books and source
on GitHub. And I don't
know, it's just so different
than it was 15 years
ago. Totally. I mean, having
the source code on GitHub
was really the, the thing
that got me into.net code
in the first place. It
was being able to just,
just read through and see
how things worked and what
was, what was happening in
that was, it was just
such a pleasure. Well, and
I even liked the fact
that like, I'm looking right
now at your book and
chapter and in chapter one,
there's a screenshot of you
on new Boone too. And
it has a section here
about how to set up,
like it's a book that
doesn't start with and now
download visual studio. You literally
are like, well now pick
them or Emacs or sublime
or Adam or brackets or
whatever, and pick whatever operating
system, whatever editor you want
and let's go and do
this book. And then you
just start. Yeah. I mean,
and that, that is one
of the big selling point
with ASP net core, I
think is just the fact
that is you can Build
it everywhere. You can run
it everywhere. It is such
a, such a pleasure to
do that. I mean, I'm
a windows guy and so
I build on windows, but
then I generally deploy to
Linux and there's no issues
with that. That's fantastic. Well,
thanks so much for coming
on the show. Thanks, Scott.
It's been great. All right.
We've been talking about Andrew
lock's book, asp.net core in
action. Be sure to check
out the show links down
below as well as the
coupon pod Hanselman 18. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week. .